# Session Summary  21-01-2022
> Icewind Dale has become trapped in a perpetual winter. Ferocious blizzards make the mountain pass through the Spine of the World exceedingly treacherous, and this land has not felt the warmth of the sun in over two years. In fact, the sun no longer appears above the mountains, not even in what should be the height of summer. In this frozen tundra, darkness and bitter cold reign as king and queen. Most dale residents blame Auril the Frostmaiden, the god of winter's wrath. The shimmering aurora that weaves across the sky each night is said to be her doing - a potent spell that keeps the sun at bay. Dalefolk live in a scattering of settlements known as Ten-Towns. The drop-off in caravans coming from the south and travel between settlements in this never-ending winter has left everyone feeling isolated. Although each town has resolved to appease the Frostmaiden with sacrifices of one kind or another, no respite from winter's fury seems forthcoming. For adventurers such as yourselves, Ten-Towns is a place to test one's mettle and, in the spirit of heroes who have come before, leave one's mark on this frigid, blighted land.
> 
> We open in Lonelywood - a quiet town of loggers, fishers, and scrimshanders scratching out a living on the edge of the world. Despite its reputation for attracting criminals and miscreants, lured by the thick forest which conceals all manner of dark and sordid dealings, most people have been perfectly pleasant to you all since you arrived, separately, in town. Today, there’s a commotion outside the Happy Scrimshander; a prominent shop on the waterfront selling supplies for scrimshanders to practice their trade. A crowd has gathered around a beaten ashen wagon. Two gnomes stand at the centre of the commotion, removing their travelling gear and exchanging hushed words with a portly human woman, while a half-elf dressed in some sort of ceremonial garb struggles to unload a sealed crate from the wagon’s rear - the latest arrivals in Lonelywood. Drawn by the crowd, you catch snippets of the whispers between the locals – an avalanche in the pass south to Luskan, another gored and frozen body found on the wooded path to Termalaine, and a murder in Easthaven. Like the news itself, the crowd begins to disperse, until eventually only the new arrivals and five heavily bundled – and unusually well armed - figures remain. The half-elf waves the five of you over, almost losing her grip on the crate she’s still holding in the process.
> 
> *Well met! You lot look like you’re as fond of this cold as I am, and just as suited to it! I wonder, you seem a hardy bunch. I don’t suppose you’re looking for work? Or at least, looking for trouble?”*

---

Arriving at the shore, [[The Party|we]] bumped into [[Dannika Graysteel]], who offered us a job, once we carried her stuff to the local tavern, the [[Lucky Liar]]. There, we picked up a quest; find and bring back one of an elusive species known as [[Chwingas]], found around the town of [[Termalaine]].

Setting off from [[Lonelywood]], a short two-hour journey was interrupted by an attack of Gnolls and some harsh weather! Gaunt and underfed, they seemed to be attacking the party out of desperation.

Once we arrived at [[Termalaine]], we didn't head into the town; instead, we skirted the outskirts, using a magical lantern that can detect [[Chwingas]]. Eventually we arrived at a house, where an angry scottish-sounding lady was complaining about stolen cutlery.

Eventually, we tracked down the Chwingas, and after one brief tea party, we set off with one happy Chwinga, and we made our way back to the [[Lucky Liar]]. There, [[Dannika Graysteel]] was so happy that we delivered a Chwinga so successfully and so quickly, that we got double pay! I hope I've learned something today.

<span 
	  class='ob-timelines' 
	  data-date='144-43-49-00' 
	  data-title='Another Event' 
	  data-class='orange' 
	  data-img = 'Timeline Example/Timeline_2.jpg' 
	  data-type='range' 
	  data-end="2000-10-20-00"> 
	A second event!
</span>