> The wind howls hatefully beyond the safety of your bedrest, and the world is cast in white against the darkness of the night. A bright ribbon of luminescence weaves its way across the sky, but the aurora does not warm you as the sun does. The cold cuts through your weary form with ease beyond even the sharpest blade, and as your dreams turn towards the cold you are elsewhere. You stand amidst an endless expanse of snowy dunes under an empty sky, but you are not alone. You stand beside a hooded figure, their cloak a frozen waterfall that moves like fabric; and a miniature replica of Icewind Dale chiselled from a block of ice, exact to the slightest detail. With great care the figure reaches out a talon from below their cloak, and with unnatural grace and precision they use it to prepare and polish the replica to perfection. Every scratch, every deformity, etched away. A second talon places figures of scrimshaw and carved ice upon the model. From under the cloak, you hear them mutter a rhyme as they work. Their voice, a whisper carried on the wind. The cold earth slept below; Above the cold sky shone; And all around; With chilling sound; From caves of ice and fields of snow; The breath of night like death did flow; Beneath the sinking moon.

> Over the figure's shoulder, you see some of the carved figures. Already positioned on the replica: a sword carved from black ice; a pentagram of blood-stained scrimshaw; Two dragons, one scrimshaw and the other black ice; Four scrimshaw wizards, two upright and two on their sides, one blackened by soot; A replica of Sephek Kaltro made of ice; And a cauldron. Yet to be placed: A great-axe; An eye carved from ice containing a cloud of frozen blood as its iris; A scrimshaw skull. You try to spy more but your sight is obscured by the figure reaching across, using a single talon to fell the replica of Ten Towns' serial killer, Sephek Kaltro. For a moment, there is a heavy silence as the rhyming stops and the figure is as still as their figurines. Then, with the same precision as earlier, they pick up Sephek's representation and crush it in their palm, allowing the dust and fragments of ice to fall through their talons. You jolt out of your stupor, curiosity ended by the sudden violence in the scene before you. But though you know you should run, your legs refuse to obey you. You feel them, but they are cold; as though you had just emerged from swimming bare in Maer Dualdon. The hunched figure tilts their head towards you, and you see the black tip of a snow-white beak protruding from under the hood of Auril the Frostmaiden. Slowly she turns to you, the face of a snowy owl framed by horns as long and thick as your forearms. You try desperately to move; to run, to put out your hand and hold her away from you. But you are immobile; a mere passenger in your body, as the goddess observes you like a particularly interesting piece of art. With the same care shown earlier, she reaches out her taloned hands and caresses your face, before grasping your skull in her grip and twisting sharply to one side.

> You awaken in your bedrest and instinctively massage the new bruises on your neck.